Release Notes
=============

1.x.x
-----
o Rename ENSLAVE to GROUP; rename SET MASTER to SET PRIMARY

1.5.8
-----
o Bopm should handle IPv6 better
o MoranServ should actually ignore clients that are safe

1.5.7
-----
o Don't set cloak on user who isn't identified
o AJOIN list should use channel_id
o AJOIN shouldn't allow duplicates
o Clarify MoranServ TRACK help

1.5.6
-----
+ Default cloak on hex representation of account id
+ Cloak can take effect without reidentification
o Remove enforced clients on drop
o delay kills issued in services handlers

1.5.5
-----
o AJOIN requires 1 parameter

1.5.4
-----
+ Only kill clients listed from tor exit nodes
+ MoranServ kill clients that trigger hybrid spambot notice
+ DROPNICK command accessible by OPERs
o Deleting an account should remove group access as well

1.5.3
-----
o BADSERV should only kill if the clients are new enough
o BOPM CHECK should report all entries

1.5.2
-----
+ MoranServ can now track clients, cidr, or regex
o Add missing UNFORBID help messages

1.5.1
-----
o clump_masks should only do 4 at a time
o GanneffServ only kills tor again

1.5.0
-----
+ MoranServ to follow user deltas on servers
+ Start of django frontend
o Prevent crash in identification with enforced users

1.4.2
_____
+ Bopm option to append hexip to cloak
o Prevent phantom cmode changes for +R and +S
o Prevent masterless channels from being dropped
o Allow REGAIN with CERTFP
o Miscellaneous fixes from static analyzer

1.4.1
-----
+ Add GroupServ SET DESC
+ Add groups to chanserv master list in info
+ Add groups memberships to nickserv info list
o Clarify GroupServ help
o Allow services to run in background when using libevent
o Fix caller logic to db_execute_nonquery to properly check for errors
o Include GroupServ schema in install


1.4.0
-----
+ Nickname autojoin support
+ Groupserv support for group management of channels
+ New pass-through auth from ircd support so users can identify on join
o Process akills in a semi async way on startup to reduce burst time
o Change bopm lookups to use async dns

1.3.12
------
o Attempt to fix a bug causing services to crash when two clients connect at
once

1.3.11
------
o Allow ruby to delete events and deal with ts ids properly

1.3.10
------
o Set the new umode_service properly in uid introductions
o Allow remote services clients to deal with akills
o bopm related performance enhancements

1.3.9
-----
o Fix a bug causing arguments not to be parsed correctly when they had
options


1.3.8
-----
o Fix an infinite loop caused by trying to send mail to people with really
long hostnames
o Fix a bug in reconnecting to the database
o Add badserv to GanneffServ, a utility for nuking all connections on a given 
server
o Fix a bug causing description/entrymsg not to be cleared properly
o BOPM related fixes

1.3.7
-----
o Where did 1.3.7 go? o_O

1.3.6
------
o Fix a crash caused by trying to identify a user on certfp

1.3.5
-----
o Fix a critical bug causing a crash when trying to unlink a nick that had no
links
o Fix a critical bug causing a crash when trying to unlink nicks

1.3.4
-----
o Fix a bug in mlock setting.
o Fix a bug when attempting to unlink a non linked nick.
o Reinstate the masterless channel check.
o Fix chanserv info display
o Add the person who abused operserv RAW to the snote.
o Add a cache for akills so they dont need to be looked up lots.
o Add some more debugmod specific things.

1.3.3
-----
o Fix below bug properly.
o Sort akills by time set.
o Some GanneffServ Fixes.
o Remove the behaviour causing nicks to fail to register after a short time of
being online.
o Fix a bug in akick masks.
o Readd the akill placed snote.

1.3.2
-----
o Fix a bug causing a crash in services due to the mlock display code being
removed for some reason.

1.3.1
-----
o Follow channel last used (updated on channel create/join/part/destroy)

1.3.0
-----
o Remove yada from the source tree
o Instead, implement a custom database module model.  Currently only postgres
is implemented.
o Add the beginnings of python support.  This is a work in progress.
o Fix a bug in the auto reconnect functionality.  Services will now
successfully reconnect to servers after losing its link.
o Various TS6 enhancements to make services make more use of TS6.
o Implement mask clumping to prevent mode spam on channels.
o Add QUIET/INVEX/EXCEPT lists to chanserv.
o Set the nickname last host and last realname on identify.
o Fix a bug in services help causing it to give help for commands that started
with the text you searched for but wasn't the entry you wanted. eg TOPIC
instead of TOPICLOCK.
o The first request issued after a db connection is restored will no longer 
fail.
o Enhance the ruby wrapper to make use of the new db layer.
o Add the ability to assign a certificate fingerprint to a specific nickname
in order to auto change to that nick on login.
o Add some database indexes
o Add the RESETPASS command to nickserv, to reset the password on a nickname,
for some reason.
o Disallow short nicknames from being registered.
o Correct the use_logging entry in the example config.
o Fix the horribly formatted outgoing mails
o AUTOSAVE option watches for +beqI channel modes and stores them in the DB and
restores them on channel recreation
o Don't try to KICK opers (exactly how IRCd works) (no more parting from
non-existent channels)
o Rewrite GanneffServ to use the database layer (code needs cleaned up more)
o New "BOPM" in ruby (this basically only cloaks at the moment)

1.2.2
-----
o Fix a minor bug in the userhost splitting that caused an akill of *@*.
o Add a safety check to the akill function to stop akills going out that are
wilder than the configuration is supposed to allow.
o Add a configure parameter --with-topiclen to set the topiclen and remove the
#define for it.
o Fix a bug caused by trying to delete from a channel's access list as sudo.

1.2.1
-----
o GanneffServ Bugfixes.
o Additional ruby events/fixes.
o Fix akills to not send out the wrong type of kline if the duration is not
long enough.

1.2.0
-----
o Make the EXPIREBANS parameter more than just simple ON/OFF.  You can now
specify a interval in seconds to customise it however you want.  The default
is now 5 hours. (Database change required!)
o Add ENSLAVE command which works the opposite way to LINK.
o Make password checking CERTFP aware.  This means that link, enslave,
identify, ghost and all related commands can now auth on certfp instead.
o Allow users to remove themselves from channel access lists.
o Tidy up ruby bindings a lot.
o Add a raw parser log
o Add the first "real" ruby module of substance: GanneffServ(Horrid name, eh?).
o Various minor fixes

1.1.4 
-----
o OperServe JUPES is now JUPE.
o Don't try to JUPE existing servers anymore.
o Remove existing JUPEs on services restart if server is already connected.
o fix a segfault when enforcing akicks.

1.1.3
-----
o Fix bug allowing certificates to attempt to be added more than once.
o Add a more informative message to empty cert lists on CERT LIST command.

1.1.2
-----
o Bugfixes including some core-causing ones.
o Fix autogen.sh to work on more platforms.
o Actually fix ruby this time (the change was not merged until now)

1.1.1
-----

o Minor Bugfixes
o Added auto identification based on client certificate when you change nicknames

1.1.0
-----

o First new feature release.
o Fix some more memory leaks.
o We now set precedence: junk on mail we send out
o Lots of database query cleanups/reindexes/reordering
o Add FloodServ status to channel information
o Implement STATS z support
o FloodServ now uses the Block Heap, so it's memory usage can be tracked more easily
o Add CLEAR QUIETS, UNQUIET and make EXPIREBANS also expire quiets
o FloodServ now automatically removes +qs that it sets.
o Add JupeServ
o Add Client certificate authentication via the CERT NickServ option
o Cleanup the AKILL snotes to be more helpful
o Make use of oftc-hybrid 1.6's umode +T
o Fixes to ensure we do not end up with orphan channels
o Fix the ruby subsystem to not fall over so much

1.0.0
-----
o Initial release. 
